---
timezone: UTC+8
---

# qiuyiye

**GitHub ID:** 2273310475-dev

**Telegram:** @+1 669 204 3372

## Self-introduction

Hi, I’m Qiuyi. I’m currently in the Bay Area and studying computer science prerequisite courses. I have a bachelor’s degree in Financial Management and two years of experience: audit at a Big 8 accounting firm and operations management at a Top 500 real estate company. Now I’m moving into Web3, especially smart contract auditing. Improving my English is very important for my next step.

## Notes

<!-- Content_START -->
# 2026-02-22
<!-- DAILY_CHECKIN_2026-02-22_START -->
My Paragraph first :

I went to NaisnowTea with my friend s yesterday night time. My friend she rent a Tesla, so she drove me to that place. After we been there ,my friend she parked in front of the place. of course, she is a bad driver so that she taken so much time to parking. Almost 10min. And then we in line to Oldered the milktea . I ordered a mego teaand an egg pai. she and my ather friend older an orange tea . After we got the tea,we went to one of my friend’s company,and play billiards.when we play billiards we told with each other some experience about coupons [emotions.my](http://emotions.my) friend she told us some stories about her boyfriend . She want to broken with him,but she is so sad

2.fix 3 times:

I went to NaisnowTea with my friends last night. My friend rented a Tesla, so she drove me to that parking place. After we arrived there, she parked in front of the store. Of course, she is a bad driver, so it took her so much time to park. We were in line to order the milk tea. I ordered a mango tea and an egg pie. She and my other friend ordered an orange tea. After we got the tea, we went to my friend's company to play billiards. When we were playing billiards, we told each other some experiences about emotions and shared some feelings about their relationship. She told us some stories about her boyfriend. She wants to break up with him, but she is so sad.
<!-- DAILY_CHECKIN_2026-02-22_END -->
<!-- Content_END -->
